h1. Escape Codec Library conformed to Closure

"Here":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Escape-Codec-Library-for-Closure/blob/master/README_Ja.textile is a README for Japanese.
日本語のREADMEは "こちら":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Escape-Codec-Library-for-Closure/blob/master/README_Ja.textile


h2. Abstract

This is a module that contains storage event handlers and storage event classes.

See below.

<code>
goog.events.listen(window, 'storage', function(e) { alert(e.key); }) // => undefined
</code>

That is generally event handling, but the listener can not given some properties;
"key" or "oldValue" defined in "W3C StorageEvent":http://www.w3.org/TR/webstorage/#the-storage-event .

This module make to be able to given an event object likes "W3C StorageEvent":http://www.w3.org/TR/webstorage/#the-storage-event object.

<code>
var listener = new orga.events.StorageHandler();
listener.addEventListener(
	orga.events.StorageHandler.EventType.STORAGE,
	function(e) { alert(e.key); }); // => changed key string
</code>

また、PrefixedMechanismの利用におけるイベントハンドリングにも対応しています。
Additionaly, this module addapted PrefixedMechanism.

<code>
var mechanism = new goog.storage.mechanism.HTML5LocalStorage();
var prefixedMechanism1 = new goog.storage.mechanism.PrefixedMechanism(mechanism, 'foo');
var storage1 = new goog.storage.Storage(prefixedMechanism1);

var prefixedMechanism2 = new goog.storage.mechanism.PrefixedMechanism(mechanism, 'bar');
var storage2 = new goog.storage.Storage(prefixedMechanism2);

var listener = new orga.events.PrefixedStorageHandler('bar');
listener.addEventListener(
	orga.events.PrefixedStorageHandler.EventType.STORAGE,
	function(e) { alert(e.key); });

storage1.set('foobar', '1234'); // listener not fired
storage2.set('foobar', '1234'); // listener fired
</code>


h2. API Reference

Show the "Wiki":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Storage-events-for-Closure/wiki/API-Reference .
